1   Industry Review - Current practices, Background Research
When a customer orders a product, which is not available in the store or temporary out of stock, and the customer decides to wait until the product is available and promised to be shipped, then this scenario is called backorder of that specific product. If backorders are not handled promptly, they will have high impacts on the respective company’s revenue, share market price, customers’ trust, and may end up losing the customer or sale order. On the other hand, the prompt actions to satisfy backorders put enormous pressure on different stages of the supply chain which may exhaust the supply chain processes or may appear with extra labour and/or production costs, and associated shipment expenses. Moreover, the uncertainty in customers’ demands causes difficulty in forecasting the demand which makes the traditional supply chain management systems less effective in many ways such as inaccurate demand forecasting or misclassifying of back-ordered products. Nowadays, some companies predict the backorders of products by applying machine learning prediction processes to overcome the associated tangible and intangible costs of backorders.
However, a sudden change in the demand may raise other risk flags associated with the supply chain and may lead to a loss. To cope with the challenges of stochastic demand, a few researchers developed multi-objective inventory models. It has been proven mathematically that the hybrid backorder (i.e., fixed and time-weighted backorder) inventory model is more efficient than the fixed backorder inventory model in the market with volatile demand. To subside the stochastic demand problem, forecasting partial backorders based on the periodic count on the current stock level seems profitable, but this process may exhaust the local inventory system.

1.2  Literature Survey - Publications, Application, past and undergoing research
Machine Learning (ML) techniques enable us to forecast accurately multiple aspects related to supply chain management such as demand, sale, revenue, production, and backorder. ML approaches have been used to predict manufacturers’ garbled demands where some researchers applied a representative set of ML-based and traditional forecasting methods to the data to compare the precision of those used methods (Carbonneau R, Vahidov R & Laframboise K, 2007).
An analysis of the supply chain’s demand prediction was carried out by applying the Support Vector Regression (SVR) method in the paper of (Guanghui, 2012). 
